dear it's getting late we really should
be in fun
are we going south papa
Hey yes Yui it's called migration all
ducks do it's nothing to be ashamed of
son it's perfectly normal
its genetic did you get the tickets yet
to you you know we can't afford to fly
this year we'll drive and don't worry I
got it all figured out
we'll make great time oh how exciting
good for our you do you need to see the
sights of this great nation no no no I'm
not gonna stop at every cheap tawdry
tourist trap from here to Timbuktu I've
got this trip planned out down to the
second what Papa I want to stop at every
cheap tawdry tourist cat from here to
Timbuktu in this South Lake nation don't
wreck car need a Devo check goodie
goodie don't slip
man ah I knew it snug as a bug in a rug
okay let's go
oh wait papa you almost forgot to put on
your safety belt
Thanks safety first
yes the joys of the open road there's
nothing like cruising the interstate to
make you feel like a free man it says
here the chest of the head is the
gateway to the west the giant st. Louis
Arch hmm let's go and see not on a
schedule son Oh Hubert one snapshot
won't take so long this famous arch is
purely architectural inserts no purpose
whatsoever hmm wait whose side down this
building
may I block dear no noise that's today
yeah you'ii keep yourself busy Oh
goody-goody
it's a CB trucker talent y'all talking
toy buddy tell me it's what trucker good
buddy
see is the kind boy good money gimme
that
this is for smokey good buddy
Hubert perhaps it'd better stop at the
next toxic dump
boom ha ha I'm hungry can we stop at
bucket Oh duck
Hubert we've just got to see the world's
largest ant farm
hopalong ice cream
Oh Hubert stop here this is where Ben
Franklin bothers kite string ha ha
stop here Hubert stop here you Burt stop
here Papa stop here stop here stop
no more stops except for gas and red
lights that I mean it went driving
straight through
nice white sandy beach
funny nuts papa those are ducks Huey
those are nice
wise guy Canadian Geese say anything
stupid you eat us mom there he is four
track a good buddy
hey you you're not my buddies you're
nasty
piece and I think you're trying to pound
my papa
hey you to put down my papa
medic
next year we hibernate no Hubert I have
appeared in a ball saved here before in
a past life the gee Papa migration
series fun we ought to migrate more
often